.Wav Analyzer!
==============

For reasons, I got extremly curious about wave files, and digital music representation in general. And alhough most know that music is saved in many samples, arranged in a sine wave, and there's plenty of documentation on wave headers, there's not quite a clear place giving byte by byte details of how their encoded. Just what exactly are in these samples?!? Are they a whole wave, or just a tiny portion?

So I'm writting this to get a down-to-ground look at digital sound.

What it currently does only:
prints out header information: http://i.imgur.com/5X24Bk8.png
prints out every sample's value for one second: http://i.imgur.com/oWU3YY5.png
prints out the next sample (as a function declared in samplePlay.h)

So far, I learned a sample is actually just a very small ammount of bits (a single byte or two), and the wave is generated by juxtaposistion of increasing and decreasing sample values (I'm using a square wave as sample data; it has a lot of values arround little-endian value 8d58 (588d; 22669) followed by another long range of values arround little-endian 73a7 (a773; -22669).

Which means how many total ammount of samples of a stream of 22669 followed by -22669 would be a note's frequency. In this case, there are arround 222 samples of 22669 before it becomes negitive. This means it plays for 0.005 seconds before oscilating; so the tone is across 0.010 seconds. Inverseing this, 1/0.01, it becomes equal to 100 cycles a second. The sample data is a square wave note of 100hz; it is just a tiny bit ammount above the note g (G2 = 97.999, acording to wikipedia). Decreasint the ammount of occurances of 22669 and -22669 would increase the pitch; and increasin gthem would lower the pitch

